Hello! I thought other people might be interested in using and extending this code, so I wanted to write a brief section
on how it works. The goal of this is to create a high level overview that explains how to get the code running and look
at the outputs. There will be no advice on optimising the neural net (since I'm still working on that...).

What is happening?
This is using a Generative Adversarial Neural Network (GAN) to create images, specifically aimed at making Magic card
art. A GAN trains up two systems: a discriminator and a generator. The generator tries to create new art that fools the
discriminator; the discriminator tries to identify the fake images and separates them from the real ones. The two
playing off each other creates better results over the long term, much like playing Magic with your friends makes you
better over time.

How do I get data?
The easiest way to gather data would be to use a source like Scryfall and search for images of basic lands or elves or
whatever you want to generate and save each image to a folder on your computer. Afterwards, you can run CropData.py on
that folder and generate just the art. One note is that you may want to change the crop box (I did it rather quickly) or
create another version of the code for old border cards. This is something that may be added in an update.

How do I use this?
The main file to use is GANART.py. Point the data path variable (line 18) at your data, and let it run! You'll be
producing images in no time. IMPORTANT NOTE: the code seems to expect a folder with subfolders as your data path. As far
as I can tell, the subfolders don't do anything (it would be needed for classification, not generation). I just created
one sub-folder and put all my data there. So my data path variable is pointing to a folder which contains one folder,
which contains images.

What are the other parameters?
* The batch size says how many elements of the training set to use at a time. A larger batch size will take more RAM and
run faster.
* The resize value is used to resize the input images. It transforms the smaller edge of the image to be the resize value,
and scales the larger edge appropriately. This is so that if you input a large image, it gets shrunk down to the size
the neural network is expected.
* Num epochs is how many iterations of the neural network will be run.
* Kernel_s and stride_s define the down select convolution. The kernel defines how many pixels to convolve, and the
stride determines how many pixes to move before doing another convolution.

Now that I've run my code, where can I see outputs?
Outputs are written to a data folder in the same directory as the code, then images/DConv-GConv-GANART. They will be
overriden if the code is run again.

How can I run a previously generated model?
Use Generate.py and change the "model_to_use" parameter. Output from this run will be saved to data/images/loaded-GANART